README.md, before:

## 🔑 Discord Accounts Stealer 3.1 - ISSUE TRACKER UPDATE (BETA)
> **If not the best and easiest discord token stealing software script! :tada:**

> **🤖 They Run the code? You get access to their discord! - It's that easy!**

#### 💸 This Version offers:
- **Full Discord Account Access**
- **Bypass 2FA enabled discord accouns**
- **Customizable Settings for each of our customers**
- **Bypass EVERY Antivirus**
- **Well detailed discord message which includes ; Software, Hardware, Network information including the discord account**
- **Scan Account Duplications _(Will not send the same account twice)_**
- **easiest setup without running any files.**

### 🖼 Program Screenshots
>![DiscordMessageImage](https://cdn.agamsol.xyz:90/media/DiscordCanary_YTg8rfEH0S.png "Discord message of  account")

### 🚀 Builds that are being scanned
> Stable Discord, Discord, PTB, Discord Canary, Discord Developer, LightCord, Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Opera, OperaGX, Brave, Yandex

## 🛒 Getting Started - Account creation for our software
- **To get started you need to join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ba3ymJ4nTw)**
> <a href="https://discord.gg/ba3ymJ4nTw" rel="Discord Server">![Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/928039045928476682.svg?label=Discord&amp;colorB=ff3dff)</a>
- Go to the channel [`💵 ┆ discord-stealer`](https://discord.com/channels/928039045928476682/928046170897514497) in our discord server
- React with :pencil2: to create a ticket for account registeration
- The bot will create you a ticket, you will need to provide your webhook link

###### We will review your information as soon as possible. __(we usually respond within 1 hour GMT 2+)__

##### 📶 How do I login to a discord account with token? [Click here](https://youtu.be/u_oF1gEYTBk)

> **Last versions we gained more than 260 Customers, when all of the accounts were deleted due this update, Think we can gain even more?**

## 📝 What's New?
- **Variable colors - Added back from versions 1.0**

    Variables can be found from lines 5 - 9


- **New GPU, PROCESSOR System**

    Attempts to fix a bug which other people may not get the hardware message in a success / error cases).

    _GPU and PROCESSOR variable would include some weird characters_

- **Removed a useless piece of code which were used to be implanted at 3.0**

    the piece of code was a command which were responsible to download a file which its size is about 60 KB which was not used at all in the script

    it was added from the first place because the original plan was to involve [Advanced Embeds Project](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Advanced%20Embeds) in order to send the accounts to your discord accounts, in the middle of coding I notice it is very buggy and unstable and I decided that I will not use it and make the discord request on my own.

    _Those 60 KB were not calculated in the project's README file and they were inaccurate._

    _as of this update they are acurate.
    the size of the whole project is now about 29 KB_

#### 🗳️ ISSUE TRACKER SYSTEM (MAJOR) - READ PLEASE
> Due to a bug where not all messages are being sent, I had to think of a way to know what makes them invalid, this had me thinking of 2 methods to check if the messages were correctly sent

- Checking the syntax of the json file (which is being sent to you)
- Check if it has more than 1 line

_Those 2 options are very helpful for me to track the issue and solve it for everyone_

> **File size history:**
>
> **2.6.1:** About 241 MB
>
> **2.6.2:** About 81 MB
>
> **3.0:** About 90 KB
>
> **3.1** _(this)_**:** About 29 KB

## 💡 Plans for the feature
* **Get rid of `src/NonAscii.exe`**

    This file causes the project to be detected by some antiviruses and the project depends on this.

    Soon Ill be attempting to replace this with a powershell script

* **Accurate Boosting badge per the month the user has nitro**

    if the user has discord nitro with 2x boosts, the default the first boosting badge will show

    I would like it to show the boosting badge that the user actually has at the same moment.

* **Bypass VPN Protections**

    Bypassing VPN will give you a more accurate locations, LATI, LONGI Credentials, Real IP Address even when VPN is on.

* **Static Map on hardware embed on discord**

    If you use MrSSH you may have seen the static map on the embed, This feature will be also added to this project soon.

* **Grab Billing Information from browsers**

    Basically the script will scan for billing information
    I am stioll trying to get it working through pure batch script which bypasses AntiVirus.

* **Include the discord account's password**

    Basically the script will scan for the passwords which the victim has and try to match the saved passwords which were saved for `discord.com`

* **Discord Accounts Stealer Startup**

    Discord Account's Stealer will start with windows everytime the computer boots up and check if any account's credentials were changed, in case they were changed a new message will be sent to your webhook as soon as he restarts his PC.

### 💲 Buy me a coffee?
> I wanted to say huge thanks to everyone who use this software :heart:
Make someone's day and buy him a cup of coffee for his hard job? <a href="https://www.paypal.me/agamsolomon0011" rel="paypal donations">![donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Paypal-brightgreen.svg)</a>

## ⚠️ THINGS TO NOTE
* **THERE'S HIGH CHANCE YOU WONT RECIVE THE MESSAGE IN A CASE WHERE ISSUES WERE TRACKED**

* **THE MESSAGES ARE BEING SENT TO ME ONLY IF THERE IS A PROBLEM IN THE SYNTAX OF THE MESSAGE, THIS FEATURE EXISTS ONLY TO TRACK THE MAJOR ISSUE AND FIND A FIX FOR IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE**
* **I GUARANTEE THAT I WILL NEVER TRY TO HARM YOU, YOUR VICTIMS OR YOUR COMPUTERS**

Commit message:

official release - 3.2 - ISSUE TRACKER UPDATE

README.md, after:

## 🔑 Discord Accounts Stealer 3.2 - ISSUE TRACKER UPDATE (BETA)
> **If not the best and easiest discord token stealing software script! :tada:**

> **🤖 They Run the code? You get access to their discord! - It's that easy!**

#### 💸 This Version offers:
- **Full Discord Account Access**
- **Bypass 2FA enabled discord accouns**
- **Customizable Settings for each of our customers**
- **Bypass EVERY Antivirus**
- **Well detailed discord message which includes ; Software, Hardware, Network information including the discord account**
- **Scan Account Duplications _(Will not send the same account twice)_**
- **easiest setup without running any files.**

### 🖼 Program Screenshots
>![DiscordMessageImage](https://cdn.agamsol.xyz:90/media/DiscordCanary_YTg8rfEH0S.png "Discord message of  account")

### 🚀 Builds that are being scanned
> Stable Discord, Discord, PTB, Discord Canary, Discord Developer, LightCord, Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Opera, OperaGX, Brave, Yandex

## 🛒 Getting Started - Account creation for our software
- **To get started you need to join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ba3ymJ4nTw)**
> <a href="https://discord.gg/ba3ymJ4nTw" rel="Discord Server">![Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/928039045928476682.svg?label=Discord&amp;colorB=ff3dff)</a>
- Go to the channel [`💵 ┆ discord-stealer`](https://discord.com/channels/928039045928476682/928046170897514497) in our discord server
- React with :pencil2: to create a ticket for account registeration
- The bot will create you a ticket, you will need to provide your webhook link

###### We will review your information as soon as possible. __(we usually respond within 1 hour GMT 2+)__

##### 📶 How do I login to a discord account with token? [Click here](https://youtu.be/u_oF1gEYTBk)

> **Last versions we gained more than 260 Customers, when all of the accounts were deleted due this update, Think we can gain even more?**

## 📝 What's New?
* Introduced a system which will be able to tell if all values are defined.
> a case where they are not defined is going to make the discord message _Unsendable_

* Fixed Mmajor bug in the command prompt commands

#### 🗳️ ISSUE TRACKER SYSTEM (MAJOR) - READ PLEASE
* Introduced a system which will be able to tell if all values are defined.
> a case where they are not defined is going to make the discord message _unsendable_

* Fixed Mmajor bug in the command prompt commands

> **File size history:**
>
> **2.6.1:** About 241 MB
>
> **2.6.2:** About 81 MB
>
> **3.0:** About 90 KB
>
> **3.1 - 3.2** _(this)_**:** About 29 KB

## 💡 Plans for the feature
* **Get rid of `src/NonAscii.exe`**

    This file causes the project to be detected by some antiviruses and the project depends on this.

    Soon Ill be attempting to replace this with a powershell script

* **Accurate Boosting badge per the month the user has nitro**

    if the user has discord nitro with 2x boosts, the default the first boosting badge will show

    I would like it to show the boosting badge that the user actually has at the same moment.

* **Bypass VPN Protections**

    Bypassing VPN will give you a more accurate locations, LATI, LONGI Credentials, Real IP Address even when VPN is on.

* **Static Map on hardware embed on discord**

    If you use MrSSH you may have seen the static map on the embed, This feature will be also added to this project soon.

* **Grab Billing Information from browsers**

    Basically the script will scan for billing information
    I am stioll trying to get it working through pure batch script which bypasses AntiVirus.

* **Include the discord account's password**

    Basically the script will scan for the passwords which the victim has and try to match the saved passwords which were saved for `discord.com`

* **Discord Accounts Stealer Startup**

    Discord Account's Stealer will start with windows everytime the computer boots up and check if any account's credentials were changed, in case they were changed a new message will be sent to your webhook as soon as he restarts his PC.

### 💲 Buy me a coffee?
> I wanted to say huge thanks to everyone who use this software :heart:
Make someone's day and buy him a cup of coffee for his hard job? <a href="https://www.paypal.me/agamsolomon0011" rel="paypal donations">![donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Paypal-brightgreen.svg)</a>

## ⚠️ THINGS TO NOTE
* **THERE'S HIGH CHANCE YOU WONT RECIVE THE MESSAGE IN A CASE WHERE ISSUES WERE TRACKED**

* **THE MESSAGES ARE BEING SENT TO ME ONLY IF THERE IS A PROBLEM IN THE SYNTAX OF THE MESSAGE, THIS FEATURE EXISTS ONLY TO TRACK THE MAJOR ISSUE AND FIND A FIX FOR IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE**
* **I GUARANTEE THAT I WILL NEVER TRY TO HARM YOU, YOUR VICTIMS OR YOUR COMPUTERS**
